Our friendship has always just been a partnership.
Don't take it too seriously.
John, guess me.
You betrayed me.
First you used me, and then you pushed me away.
Who I'm going to be heartbroken?
No.
Thanks for playing along.
Don't forget, you know, through your job.
Everyone's you, true of me.
Are you better?
You're in such a hurry to leave the hospital.
Were you going to leave without saying goodbye?
Or are you going to see Victor?
I understand that I have made mistakes.
I will restore your mother's innocence.
And when she is released from prison, I will leave E.M.
Then we don't know each other anything.
Do you really want to leave like this again?
John, let's let each other.